[ADD] Lunch: manage accounts (#8700)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/user-accounts.rst

:show-content:
:show-toc:

====================
Manage user accounts
====================

In Odoo's *Lunch* application, users pay for products directly from their *Lunch* app account. For

> funds to appear in their account, a *Lunch* app manager must transfer funds into each user's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
funds to appear in their account, a *Lunch* app manager **must** transfer funds into each user's
```

account.

.. important::

>    To add funds and manage user accounts, the user must have :guilabel:`Administrator` rights set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To add funds and manage user accounts, the user must have :guilabel:`Administrator` access rights set
```

>    for the :guilabel:`Lunch` application. This is verified by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings
>    app --> → Manage Users`. Then, click on a user to view the various settings. For more information
>    on access rights, refer to the :doc:`Access rights <../../general/users/access_rights/>`
>    documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for the *Lunch* application. This is verified by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings
   app --> → Manage Users`. Then, click on a user to view their various settings and access rights. 
   
   For more information on access rights, refer to the :doc:`Access rights <../../general/users/access_rights/>`
   documentation.
```

The *Lunch* application does **not** directly interface in any way with software or products linked
to any monetary accounts or billing. Money **cannot** be transferred from users' bank accounts, nor

> users' credit cards be charged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can users' credit cards be charged.
```

Odoo's *Lunch* application **only** allows for manual entries of cash exchanges that are handled by
the *Lunch* app manager. It is up to each individual company to create the method with which lunch
accounts are replenished.

.. example::
   Some examples of how money can be organized and transferred within a company:

   - Cash is handed to the *Lunch* app manager, who then updates the user's account.
   - Money is automatically deducted from the user's paychecks, then the *Lunch* app manager updates
     the account when paychecks are issued. This requires :ref:`adding a salary attachment
     <payroll/worked-days-inputs>` for the user's payslip in the *Payroll* app.
   - Companies can sell "lunch tickets" at a set price (for example, one ticket costs $5.00). Users
     can purchase tickets from a *Lunch* app manager, who then updates the user's account.

.. _lunch/cash-moves:

Cash Moves
==========

To add funds to user accounts, each cash move must be individually logged. To view all cash move
records, or create a new cash move, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Cash

> Moves`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves`. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Cash Moves` dashboard.
```

> All cash moves are presented in a list view, displaying each record's :guilabel:`Date`,
> :guilabel:`User`, :guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`Amount` for each record. The total of all
> the cash moves is displayed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Amount` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the :guilabel:`Cash Moves` dashboard, all cash moves are presented in a default list view, displaying each record's :guilabel:`Date`, :guilabel:`User`, :guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`Amount`. The total of all
the cash moves is displayed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Amount` column.
```

.. image:: user-accounts/cash.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list view of all cash moves.

Add funds
---------

To add funds to a lunch account, click the :guilabel:`New` button, located in the top-left corner of
the :guilabel:`Cash Moves` dashboard.

A blank :guilabel:`Cash Moves` form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`User`: select the user depositing cash into their account from the drop-down menu. If

>   the user is not in the database, they can be created by clicking either :guilabel:`Create "user"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the user is not in the database, they can be created by typing their name in the :guilabel:`User` field, and clicking either :guilabel:`Create "user"`
```

>   or :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the user and edit the :guilabel:`Create User` form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the user and edit their :guilabel:`Create User` form.
```

- :guilabel:`Date`: using the calendar popover, select the date the transaction occurred.
- :guilabel:`Amount`: enter the amount being added to the lunch account.
- :guilabel:`Description`: enter a brief description of the transaction.

.. image:: user-accounts/cash-move-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The cash move form filled out for a transaction of $40.00.

> The cash move form automatically saves as data is entered, but the form can be saved manually at any
> time by clicking the *save manually* option, represented by a :guilabel:`(cloud upload)` icon,
> located in the top-left corner of the page. To delete the record and return to the *Cash Moves*
> dashboard, click the :guilabel:`↺ (Discard changes)` icon.

Reviewer: I'm suggesting removing this portion, as this basic level of functionality is fairly rudimentary, and present on almost every page throughout the database. Also, I'm sure there's a 'Getting Started' doc that explains the functionality/purpose of those buttons. But I genuinely appreciate your attention to detail and desire to paint a complete picture for the reader -- however, in this case, I personally don't think it's super necessary.
```suggestion

```

Control Accounts
================

An overview of every transaction in the *Lunch* app, including all cash deposits and purchases, can

> be viewed on the main *Control Accounts* dashboard. To access this, navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be viewed on the main *Control Accounts* dashboard. To access this dashboard, navigate to
```

:menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Control Accounts.`

All transactions are grouped :guilabel:`By Employee`, and listed alphabetically by the user's first
name. At the end of the user's name, a number appears. This indicates the number of individual
records logged for that user.

The default view is to have all individual transactions hidden. To view all transactions for a user,

> click the :guilabel:`▶ (triangle)` icon at the end of the name to expand the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click the :guilabel:`▶ (triangle)` icon to the left of the desired name to expand that specific group.
```

Reviewer: Can't you also reveal the tucked list by clicking on the user name? If so, you may want to consider adding that in...just a suggestion

Each record includes the :guilabel:`Date`, :guilabel:`User`, :guilabel:`Description`, and
:guilabel:`Amount`.

.. image:: user-accounts/control-accounts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Control Accounts dashboard with two employee's transactions expanded.

.. important::

>    This list only displays the various transactions within the *Lunch* app and does **not** allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This list only displays the various transactions within the *Lunch* app, and does **not** allow
```

   modifications to be made to any records listed.

>    Cash moves can be modified, but **only** from the :ref:`cash moves <lunch/cash-moves>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Cash moves can be modified, but **only** from the :ref:`Cash Moves <lunch/cash-moves>`
```
